IBX-4538: Table reusable component update (#1906)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/administration/back_office/back_office_elements/reusable_components.md

            {{ ibexa_content_name(article.contentInfo) }}
        </a>
    {% endset %}

    {% set col_action_btns %}
        {% if article.userCanEdit %}
            <a
                href="#"
                class="btn ibexa-btn ibexa-btn--ghost ibexa-btn--no-text"
                title="{{ 'article.list.content.edit'|trans|desc('Edit content') }}"
            >
                <svg class="ibexa-icon ibexa-icon--small ibexa-icon--edit">
                    <use xlink:href="{{ ibexa_icon_path('edit') }}"></use>
                </svg>
            </a>
        {% endif %}
    {% endset %}

    {% set body_rows = body_rows|merge([{ cols: [
        { has_checkbox: true, content: col_checkbox },
        { has_icon: true, content: col_icon },
        { content: col_name },
        { content: article.contentType.name },
        { has_action_btns: true, content: col_action_btns },
    ]}]) %}
{% endfor %}
```

### Actions

See the example below to learn how to create an action button which removes the article in the table.
The table component has to be wrapped into the remove article form.

> As in many cases you want a button to be disabled when no item in a table is selected and enabled otherwise, there is a built-in mechanism for this. 

Reviewer: I'd avoid using "as" in a meaning of "due to a fact", "because of", "while" or "when", as it has so many meanings and can be confusing to less proficient readers.
I would go with "You might want... . There is..."

Next, pass a button under the `action` parameter to the table headline.

Action buttons are rendered on the right side of the table headline (do not confuse it with the table header).
You can also specify headline text, which is a table title displayed above, by passing it under `headline` parameter. 

You can generate various headline texts using the `results_headline` macro with a few parameters:

- `count` - of all results, not only displayed on the first page
- `has_filters` - when using filters
- `phrase` - filtering phrase
- `results_headline` - ensures the headlines consistency across the platform
- `head_cols` - an array for table header (not headline), corresponds with consecutive column

Column types available for the table header :

- normal content column `{ content: col_name }` (content is the title of the column)
- icon column `{ has_icon: true }`
- checkbox column `{ has_checkbox: true }`
- action buttons column `{  }` 

Additional parameters available for all of the objects mentioned earlier:
 
    - class (CSS class)
    - attr (HTML attributes)

See the example:

```html+twig
{
    content: 'foo',
    class: 'bar',
    attr: {
        colspan: 2,
    },

```

> - `empty_table_info_text` and `empty_table_action_text` specify texts which are displayed when the table is empty.

Reviewer: Do you need to make it a bullet?

```html+twig
{{ form_start(form_remove, {
    action: path('ibexa.article.remove'),
    attr: { class: 'ibexa-toggle-btn-state', 'data-toggle-button-id': '#article_remove_remove' }
}) }}
{% include '@ibexadesign/ui/component/table/table.html.twig' with {
    headline: results_headline(pager.getNbResults()),
    head_cols: [
        { has_checkbox: true },
        { has_icon: true },
        { content: 'article.list.name'|trans|desc('Name') },
        { content: 'article.list.content_type'|trans|desc('Content Type') },
        { },
    ],
    body_rows,
    actions: form_widget(form_remove.remove, { attr:
        {
            class: 'btn ibexa-btn ibexa-btn--ghost ibexa-btn--small',
            disabled: true,
        }}),
    empty_table_info_text: 'article.list.empty'|trans|desc('You have no articles yet. Your articles will show up here.'),
    empty_table_action_text: 'article.list.empty_desc'|trans|desc('Articles you create will show up here.'),
} %}
{{ form_end(form_remove) }}
```

Other table component parameters include:

- `class` - (CSS table class)

> - `attr` - (other HTML attributes applied on the HTML table element), for example:

Reviewer: Are brackets needed here?

                    <use xlink:href="{{ ibexa_icon_path('edit') }}"></use>
                </svg>
            </a>
        {% endif %}
    {% endset %}

    {% set body_rows = body_rows|merge([{ cols: [
        { has_checkbox: true, content: col_checkbox },
        { has_icon: true, content: col_icon },
        { content: col_name },
        { content: article.contentType.name },
        { has_action_btns: true, content: col_action_btns },
    ]}]) %}
{% endfor %}
```

### Actions

See the example below to learn how to create an action button which removes the article in the table.
The table component has to be wrapped into the remove article form.

Adding the `ibexa-toggle-btn-state` CSS class to the form with the id from this `data-toggle-button-id` 
causes the button with the assigned id is enabled whenever any checkbox is selected.

This is a built-in mechanism, you have to tell the system to render the button, make it disabled by default. 
Next, pass it under the `action` parameter to the table headline.

Action buttons are rendered on the right side of the table headline (do not confuse it with the table header).

> You can also specify the table headline element with table title above it.

Reviewer 2: This sentence is confusing for me, I would slightly change it:
```suggestion
You can also specify headline text, which is a table title displayed above, by passing it under `headline` parameter. 
```

You can set headline title using the `results_headline` macro, and generate different headlines based on parameters:

- `count` - of all results, not only displayed on the first page
- `has_filters` - when using filters
- `phrase` - filtering phrase
- `results_headline` - ensures the headlines consistency across the platform
- `head_cols` - an array for table header (not headline), corresponds with consecutive column

For table header there are the following column types:

- normal content column `{ content: col_name }` (content is the title of the column)
- icon column `{ has_icon: true }`
- checkbox column `{ has_checkbox: true }`

> - action buttons column ` {  }` with additional parameters available for all of the objects mentioned earlier:

Reviewer 2: should this be in new line, as it refers to all of the above parameters?
```suggestion
- action buttons column `{  }` 

with additional parameters available for all of the objects mentioned earlier:
```

}) }}
{% include '@ibexadesign/ui/component/table/table.html.twig' with {
    headline: results_headline(pager.getNbResults()),
    head_cols: [
        { has_checkbox: true },
        { has_icon: true },
        { content: 'article.list.name'|trans|desc('Name') },
        { content: 'article.list.content_type'|trans|desc('Content Type') },
        { },
    ],
    body_rows,
    actions: form_widget(form_remove.remove, { attr:
        {
            class: 'btn ibexa-btn ibexa-btn--ghost ibexa-btn--small',
            disabled: true,
        }}),
    empty_table_info_text: 'article.list.empty'|trans|desc('You have no articles yet. Your articles will show up here.'),
    empty_table_action_text: 'article.list.empty_desc'|trans|desc('Articles you create will show up here.'),
} %}
{{ form_end(form_remove) }}
```

Other table component parameters include:

- `class` - (CSS table class)
- `attr` - (other HTML attributes applied on the HTML table element), for example:
    - `attr: { 'data-some-data-attribute-you-need': 'foo' }`
- `table_body_class` and `table_body_attr` are the same as mentioned earlier, but applied on the table element

> - `show_head_cols_if_empty` - (default: `false`), by default, when `body_rows` is empty, the table component does not show the table header,it can be useful, for example, when rows are rendered dynamically with JavaScript on the browser side.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `show_head_cols_if_empty` - (default: `false`), by default, when `body_rows` is empty, the table component does not show the table header, but we may want to have it because for example rows are rendered dynamically with JavaScript on the browser side.
```

        </a>
    {% endset %}

    {% set col_action_btns %}
        {% if article.userCanEdit %}
            <a
                href="#"
                class="btn ibexa-btn ibexa-btn--ghost ibexa-btn--no-text"
                title="{{ 'article.list.content.edit'|trans|desc('Edit content') }}"
            >
                <svg class="ibexa-icon ibexa-icon--small ibexa-icon--edit">
                    <use xlink:href="{{ ibexa_icon_path('edit') }}"></use>
                </svg>
            </a>
        {% endif %}
    {% endset %}

    {% set body_rows = body_rows|merge([{ cols: [
        { has_checkbox: true, content: col_checkbox },
        { has_icon: true, content: col_icon },
        { content: col_name },
        { content: article.contentType.name },
        { has_action_btns: true, content: col_action_btns },
    ]}]) %}
{% endfor %}
```

### Actions

See the example below to learn how to create an action button which removes the article in the table.
The table component has to be wrapped into the remove article form.

As in many cases you want a button to be disabled when no item in a table is selected and enabled otherwise, there is a built-in mechanism for this. 

> To enable it you need to add the `ibexa-toggle-btn-state` CSS class to the form element alongside `data-toggle-button-id` data-attribute which holds the id of the button which should be enabled/disabled after a checkbox state change.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To enable it you need to add the `ibexa-toggle-btn-state` CSS class to the form element alongside `data-toggle-button-id` data-attribute
which holds the id of the button that should be enabled/disabled after a checkbox state change.
```

Next, pass a button under the `action` parameter to the table headline.

Action buttons are rendered on the right side of the table headline (do not confuse it with the table header).
You can also specify headline text, which is a table title displayed above, by passing it under `headline` parameter. 

You can generate various headline texts using the `results_headline` macro with a few parameters:

- `count` - of all results, not only displayed on the first page
- `has_filters` - when using filters
- `phrase` - filtering phrase
- `results_headline` - ensures the headlines consistency across the platform
- `head_cols` - an array for table header (not headline), corresponds with consecutive column

> For table header there are the following column types:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Column types available for the table header :
```

- normal content column `{ content: col_name }` (content is the title of the column)
- icon column `{ has_icon: true }`
- checkbox column `{ has_checkbox: true }`
- action buttons column `{  }` 

> with additional parameters available for all of the objects mentioned earlier:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additional parameters available for all of the objects mentioned earlier:
```

    empty_table_action_text: 'article.list.empty_desc'|trans|desc('Articles you create will show up here.'),
} %}
{{ form_end(form_remove) }}
```

Other table component parameters include:

- `class` - (CSS table class)
- `attr` - (other HTML attributes applied on the HTML table element), for example:
    - `attr: { 'data-some-data-attribute-you-need': 'foo' }`
- `table_body_class` and `table_body_attr` are the same as mentioned earlier, but applied on the table element
- `show_head_cols_if_empty` - (default: `false`), by default, when `body_rows` is empty, the table component does not show the table header, but you may want to have it because for example rows are rendered dynamically with JavaScript on the browser side.

To avoid wrapping headline inside the form, as it's done in the earlier example, you can `embed` table and override the `between_header_and_table` block:

```html+twig
{% block between_header_and_table %}
    {{ form_start(form_remove, {
        action: path('ibexa.article.remove'),
        attr: { class: 'ibexa-toggle-btn-state', 'data-toggle-button-id': '#article_remove_remove' }
    }) }}
{% endblock %}
```

> This method is useful in case of another form inside headline actions or to avoid interferences with the form like button triggering its sumbmission.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This method is useful in case of another form inside headline actions or to avoid interferences with the form like button triggering its submission.
```

By default, tables are wrapped in a scrollable wrapper which prevents them from being too long.
To disable it, set the `is_scrollable` parameter to `false`.

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
